Docs: clears misunderstanding on where Macros can be used (#973)
sezanzeb/input-remapper: readme/usage.md

  <img src="usage_2.png"/>
</p>

> In the text input field (right-side, output section), type the key to which you would like to map this input (left-side, input section).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the "Output" textbox on the right, type the key to which you would like to map this input.
```

Author: Sorry, it took some time. This is my first time going through this `Review-suggestion` workflow. So looked up some docs and videos.

I like your suggestion. How do i proceed, do i just use `Add suggestion to bach` and commit them? But this will create two commits on this pull request which is just a docs change. So i think one commit should be all we need. so do i pull, squash, force-push ?

Reviewer: Don't worry, 2 days is certainly fast enough.

I'll squash the commits when I merge the PR, so there is nothing to do wrong

More information about the possible mappings can be found in 
[examples.md](./examples.md) and [below](#key-names). You can also write your macro 

> into the text input field(right-side, output section). If you hit enter, it will switch to a multiline-editor with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
into the "Output" textbox. If you hit enter, it will switch to a multiline-editor with
```

Reviewer: (Please look at my other comment first, the order of my comments is mixed up)
